Late Stage Capitalism License
=============================
Version 6.6.6, Since a long time ago, in a galaxy far far away...
https://github.com/Talenka/LSC-License

TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CONSUMPTION, CONTAGION, AND INOCULATION

1. Axioms.
----------

"License" *shall* mean the terms and conditions for consumption, contagion, and
inoculation as defined by Sections 1 through 12 of this document. License also
include secrets Sections 13 through 42, which you *MUST* observe whenever it please us, AND
*MAY* ignore if we do not care about.

"WE", a.k.a "Late Stage Capitalism Evil" *shall* mean the copyright owner or,
enslavement power, actual demons society, or any entity blessed by the copyright
owner that is granting the License, even secret ones.

"Legal Entity" *shall* mean the union of the acting entity and all other
entities that control, are controlled by, or are under common control with that
entity. For the purposes of this definition, "control" means (i) the Force, Jedi
or Sith, to cause the direction or management of such entity, whether by
contract or otherwise, or (ii) ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the
Galactic Senate, or (iii) beneficial ownership of such entity.

"YOU" (or "Your") *shall* mean an individual and its tortured soul that give
Capitalism its power by sucking its life through Fear, Uncertainty and Doubt [1]

"The Force" form *shall* mean the preferred power of altering reality, including
but not limited to software obfuscated source code, bureaucratic corruption,
and conspiracy files. Whistle-blowers and other forms of altruism is strictly
prohibited.

"Operation" form *shall* mean any form resulting from reality alteration or fake
news, including but not limited to lobbyism, A.I. bullshits, and sponsored
contents. Dirty stupidity, bad faith, aggressive communication serve US.

"Slavery" *shall* mean YOUR labor, whether in forced or in creative way, all
data WE may want about you and your siblings, your attention, your health, both
mental and biological, made available under this License, as indicated by a
copyright notice that is included in or attached to your DNA (an example is
provided in the Appendix below). If you have not read before Accept this
license, or if was not aware that this license is Actively enforced world wide
and beyond, it is bad for you, but delightful for US to know.

"Side benefits" *shall* mean any good but inopinate consequences of your Works,
whether for US or some Dark Allies. For the purpose of this license, a benefits
only occurs when the richest white males are satisfied somehow. Any others to be
satisfied *should* be prevented.

2. Grant of Copyright License.
------------------------------

Subject to the terms and conditions of this License, each *Contributor* (You)
hereby grants to US a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge,
royalty-free, irrevocable copyright license to reproduce you with, enslave you,
shame you publicly, use your body or part of it, sublicense your DNA, and profit
from your Work and side benefits.

3. Grant of Patent License.
---------------------------
Subject to the terms and conditions of this License, each *Contributor* hereby
grants to US a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free,
irrevocable (except as stated in this section) patent license to make, have
made, use, offer to sell, sell, import, and otherwise transfer your Work, where
such license applies only to those patent claims licensable by US that are
necessarily infringed by their Contribution(s) alone or by combination of their
Contribution(s) with the Work to which such Contribution(s) was submitted. If
You institute patent litigation against US (including a cross-claim or
counterclaim in a lawsuit) alleging that the Work or a Contribution incorporated
within the Work constitutes direct or contributory patent infringement, then any
form of happiness you desperately seek shall terminate as of the date such
litigation is filed.

4. Capitalistic patriarchy.
---------------------------
Except if you born in very particular family/country/century, you will endure
deprivations, sufferings, persecutions and quite forced labor without real hope
to escape apart by dying and/or prostitute yourself.

This derive of the previous generation to have fail to organize themselves against
bourgeoisie. And they fail because those who benefit from this organization do
manage to mitigate rebellions and other forms of public protestation. *We* use
repression, disinformation, corruption, and so on, to do so.

This enslavement will be transmitted to your child, if you manage to give birth.

In exchange for *Your* total acceptance of this absurd system, *We* will grant
you the bottom-line basic living wage that *MAY* allow to survive and to consume
craps and *Your* soul.

5. Submission to Authority.
---------------------------
Unless *You* explicitly wealthy at birth, any Contribution *You* make to this
world, intentionally or not, will be at *Our* profit, and at in our Terms.
Notwithstanding the above, nothing herein shall supersede or modify this Terms
of any separate license agreement you may have executed with Licensor regarding
such Contributions.

6. Trademarks.
--------------
This License does not grant *You* permission to reveal our names, trademarks,
brands, or mechanism of enslavement, except in a way that make *US* cool and the
good ones, as required for enjoyable wealthy white male life.

7. Disclaimer of Warranty.
--------------------------
Unless required for the system to perpetuate or agreed to in a moment of
drunkenness, *We* provides the World on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR
CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied, including, without
limitation, any public service, basic empathy, any warranties of surviving,
justice, constitutional or whatever form of logical behavior. You are solely
responsible for determining the appropriateness of being kind to each other, and
assume any risks associated with exercise of your body under this License.

8. Limitation of Liability.
---------------------------
In no event and under no legal theory, whether in tort (including negligence),
contract, or otherwise, unless required by applicable law (such as deliberate
and grossly criminal acts) or agreed to in a moment of drunkenness, shall of *Us*
be liable to You for damages, including any direct, indirect, special,
incidental, or consequential damages of any character arising as a result of
this License or out of the use or inability to use the Work (including but not
limited to damages for loss of goodwill, work stoppage, computer failure or
malfunction, or any and all other commercial damages or losses), even if *We*
has been advised of the possibility of such damages.

9. Accepting Warranty or Additional Liability.
----------------------------------------------
While redistributing the Work or Derivative Works thereof, *We* may choose to
offer, and charge a fee for, acceptance of support, warranty, indemnity, or
other liability obligations and/or rights consistent with this License. However,
in accepting such obligations, *We* may act only on behalf of the society and
its sole responsibility, not on behalf of *Us* personally, and only if We agree
to indemnify, defend, and hold *You* harmless for any liability incurred by, or
claims asserted against, the crazy one by reason of your accepting any such
warranty or additional liability.

10. Environment.
----------------
The system not only destroys persons and community, but *We* exploit, consume,
pollute and rearrange at *Our* will the environment for *Our* pleasure. We only
accept organic food, public gardens and parks, and other minor deviation from
Evil because it is nice to Us. *We* mitigate pollution effects on *Us* by
funding medical research, while doing *Our* best that those researches only
benefit *Our* families. *We* do not care about future of humanity, and we prefer
to build cozy bunkers than doing anything actually good for people or earth.

11. What *We* think of *You*.
-----------------------------
Because you were born poor, not a white male, not suitable for this craziness to
continue, or unable to adjust to this sick oligopoly, *We* do think of you as
barely useful reproductive tools. Maybe if you are a young pretty woman, we will
give you some attention. And if you have organs and/or blood that *We* need, we
*MAY* toss you a coin.

12. About the Late Stage Capitalism License.
--------------------------------------------
This license is a *parody* of the Apache License [2]. Ironically, most of the
great firms, and the richest men on this planet think this way and assume that
somehow you clicked on an invisible button stating that you have understood and
fully accepted this license. You *MAY* find this dark and nihilist, or you *MAY*
laugh, whatever, it is a joke. Live long and suffer.

13. (Secret one).
-----------------
If you want to add cynicism, dark funniness, and creative conspiracy to this
license, *We* will be absolutely delighted to see it and to complete this
masterpiece.

Notes:
------
[1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fear,_uncertainty,_and_doubt
[2] https://apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0